The Joe Rogan experience.
So the Derek Brunson fight, which is coming up soon, what is your,
what are your thoughts on Derek once? And I mean,
we talked about it a little bit earlier, but you know,
he's obviously a veteran he's obviously guy's been around his fought style
bender. He's the, the shahbazim fight, his last fight.
I thought he looked fantastic. And shahbazim. That was an interesting situation.
Right? You've got this kid who's 21 years old, super dangerous,
real fast hands looked great,
but never really been tested against like a veteran.
And then you saw wasn't really ready for that yet.
Brett's is good. You know, his wrestling is good. Uh,
his standup's a little wild. He hits hard. Uh, you know, it's like,
it's going to be a fun fight, but it's like, you know, but yeah, the problem is,
is it's like when he gets to there, there with the top level guys, you know,
he hasn't had a lot of success and we'll just going to find out if Kevin's is
his top level, as I think he is, you know, it's like, it's like.
Yeah, yes. You know that part where he goes, you know,
rude boy is only one out of 10,000. And you'd had one out of 10,000.
I'm that one on 10,000. We're going to find out.
It's closer to like one in a million different.
Do you feel like this is a, like a pivotal moment?
Clearly it can be very much can be. I but me and Derek Brunson,
we have a lot of words back and forth. Yeah.
Oh, with Derek Bronson constantly. It's like,
Kevin does this to everybody. Everybody's like, he's, he's in,
he's in style benders in the inbox. He's in everybody's inbox and he's
[inaudible].
All the time. Do they go back and forth? Some of them all.
The time.
It goes back and forth with you.
Mike Perry is nice enough to go back and forth with me. I like that guy.
He does.
He's fun. He.
With him. And then, you know, Brunson, Brunson started it though.
He told me he's slammed me on my head. So him. And then, uh, you know,
it's just, there's.
A few of them, what he opened with.
I'm going to slam you on your head. It doesn't go back and forth with me.
So that, that hurts my feelings. I don't know. He says he's about that life.
That kid ain't about that life. Um, I seen him at a pie and I walked in.
I was like, that's my best friend. He was like, you want to be friends? Now?
I was like, no, never. I was like, my best friends were all being friends.
They were like, Kevin, there's a lot of them. They're going to jump you.
And I was like, no, I drove out here. I got in the car. I was ready to them.
You know? So that boy's not dropped that life.
Do you? Don't you think that, I mean, it's, it's,
it's very unfortunate that he's suffering from COVID that he's got this
long-term situation where apparently when you,
when I I've talked to doctors about this, I'm like, what is going on with that?
And they said, when you're training really hard,
and then you're breaking down your immune system and then you get COVID,
you can get it real bad.
And when you get it really bad and then you don't take care of yourself in terms
of like, don't give yourself adequate time to recover.
You go back in before you're really fully recovered.
And also you're not taking care of all the inflammation issues that you have
with your diet, with your supplements. Yeah. You hit a situation like cam,
where he had to pull out the Leon Edwards fight. Imagine being Leon Edwards.
One of the best fighters in the world. Can't get a fight. Can't get a fight.
Finally. Finally, Blough steps up right after winning the last.
Time. It, again.
Kevin was, Kevin was in their inboxes again, like, Hey, I'll find him.
There's some bugs, Leon. Plenty of times he doesn't respond.
And then the thing about it is a lot of these guys can say before that I didn't
have the followers. They didn't see the message. Now I have the followers.
So you're seeing the message. You're just choosing not to respond.
You know what I mean? It's like, like if we're being real here, these guys,
half these guys who claim that they're fighters they're fighters because it pays
a bill and it looks good online. It looks good on TV.
Is that the case? Or are they being calculated about what risks they take?
You're not a fighter. If you're calculating risk, really though.
Do you think that's true? I mean, if you're a first year fighter.
He's talking about other kinds of vitamins,
he's talking about life and it's like, you know, he's,
he's not talking about his career right now. He's talking about,
he's talking about Kevin warrior,
moms and stuff kind of melts together a little bit. You know? It's like,
he he's, you know, it's like, he's not necessarily, you know, saying that yeah,
these guys are for sure fighters, but they're not real fighters in Kevin's mind.
I understand. We say.
Yeah, they won't, you know, and it's like,
I get happy when I see these guys step up last second for a fight.
I see him blouse step up for that fight. I'm like, okay, there you go.
Don't complain about how you're not getting upper fights when you don't really
put yourself in that situation and get into fights. You know.
When, when I have knocked out mere shart, I was like, holy,
knocked him out with one punch. I'm like, okay,
now I want to see if he can do that. I want to say like,
how does he fair against galaxy?
How's he fair against other like elite one 70 or 180 fibers, which, which,
which is weird too, right?
That he's just bouncing back and forth between those two way clock.
He's bouncing back and forth to the, to the fights that make the most sense.
So he'll go to 70 for a fight. That makes sense.
He'll come back up to 85 for a fight that makes sense. You know,
nothing wrong with it. Good management fighters who fight like that.
It's very smart fighters. I tip my hat off to them, you know,
them and their management and their coaches. That's great. That's not me.
I'd never be that. So props to those guys, you know, but it's like, if you know,
you go to 70, cause that's why it makes sense for you. Smart move.
You go back to 85 because it's five makes sense to you. Smart move.
I was impressed by the way, he knocked out mere sharp just because he,
he took the smartest route, which was keeping it standing.
And I thought that guy who liked to grapple was going to take it to the ground,
you know,
but knocking out mirror chart after mirror starts coming off of losses.
You know what I mean? And I know I smacked him a couple of times.
I know Darren wind smack them a couple of times. You know what I mean?
And I know Ian Ridge ultimately landed the last smacking. And if you,
I think if you add up those three people who have decent power and have been
smacking him at 85, the head's just not the same as it used to be.
He's even fought Thiago Santos, right? Yeah. You know, it's like,
you can't fight all these killers and take these type of headshots and think
that you're going to be okay.
If somebody has a little bit of pop and of course it's going to look good.
I mean, smart props to him for taking the smart program.
Every time you go out there and fight a guy, you know, it's like,
we both fought John Phillips. I went out there and stood.
It stood in band with John Phillips. Coach told me in the second round, go out,
okay. You already look good in the first round,
go out there in the second round, take this guy down, choke them out.
He's obviously not trying to go away from punches. Jeremiah went out there,
took him down, punched on him, punched on a punch on him, sub dog smart,
smart fighter props to him.
But what happens when you can't go out there and take an easy smart route?
I'm just gonna fight. I was really good. That's why I wanted to do,
like you said, I wanted to see the Leon fight. You know, I want to see.
You know, I was fascinated by that fight.
I would've took the new magnet to find him versus new magnet. Would've been,
I would've been happy with that. You can slowly work your way up. I think he,
you know,
it's like accuracy and Neil magnet being done the way he got done against,
you know, Michael Cuesta. I think that Chimayo, could've got the job done,
especially being a big one seven year, but it's like, it's like, you know, it's,
I don't know. And then you sit up here and you say, it's sad.
Cause he has COVID and like that. But they said I had COVID, you know,
and if we're supposed to be athletes, you know, and it's like, get.
We had a very mild, oh, you know, I mean, he's, he's had it for my girl.
Had it pretty much.
Now my girl had a pretty good and I'll her the whole time. You know?
And then it's like, so it's like, we all take a different, you know,
different fighters, different heart, you know, don't claim to have the heart.
If you ain't got it.
Don't see it it's just like a disease though.
I mean, I mean.
The disease.
The flu sucks, you know, Michael Jordan still went out there and one, well,
you know.
You know, understand what you're saying? Yeah. It's a bummer.
It's a bummer that we don't get. Cause it was so exciting. You watching him,
him he's fighting back to back is trying to fight.
He's scheduling two fights at the same time. He's you know.
I'm just sad. Cause I really wanted to see the guy fight again. Yeah.
Also you wanted to fight him. No.
Not me. I don't want to fight that guy. He's a monster real he's undefeated.
Smashing everybody as many could be, but I don't want no problems with that guy.
You know? That's not true. He was with him the whole time.
Yeah. You were asking for it when I interviewed you.
Well, he may have Kevin had words with him too. You know,
it's like Kevin Edwards with him and then he's he said something to Kevin,
Kevin off and Kevin's angry.
But the boss,
the boss has said on an interview that we're in two different weight classes and
that we'd probably never meet up.
So I'm assuming that he's staying at eight 70 and I'm staying at 85 and you
know, it's like, you know, maybe one day when he, you know,
gets over being a little tired,
he can get back in there and get some fights in and we'll be okay.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expense.